mathias lauda 23 years and formula 3000
pilot he tests for engine vision 5
sports car on the saxon ring porsche
gt3 lamborghini gallardo lotus exige
ferrari 575 m maranello and today the
aston martin vanquish
the wish that james bond auto
the sound should be burned to cd
The banker has twelve heads and almost 6
liter displacement
the 460 ps booked that two tons
ship in 5 seconds at 100 speed
hellinger is real business though
that's really fun in the border area
to talk
The fish mouth is just awesome
You have to pay 236 1460 euro for this
transfer power package
but there is top speed 306 km h but
no esp the cockpit is actually quite
okay the steering wheel in the picture too thick
reverse is a celeb but has to be the
Knock here and push until first
But the walk in it is positive
a dare of course is the sand in
start the hand
what we still encourage a dare is
the leatherworking could be better
and what I understand is that one at the aston
martin installs the buttons of one
normal before, for example, without too
Amazon here so it's the 5,142
newtonmeter lifts the first on the
but only relatively late at 5,000
tour
the dare is not
bad you can switch as one of
the circuit
what I like when downshifting is
that he's going with intergas
switched
do that
clean us off
stay out
schmidt one wants a printer something
do better
in my view
the courses are in my opinion
education too long but you can in
Raise a cash up to 7000 revolutions
and the suction motor of this in a v12
Distance should be at least once
have experienced
The border area in this car starts
late but then you need for lack of esp
watch reflexes
I want to say next picture
too soft and you fall you do not have that
right feeling he's in a curve because
he was passionate about steering
the more and more to a normal dare the
Steering could give more feedback
above all, English conveys one thing
I am a very heavy car
a steering something
direct driving is hard to drive
Driving is because I thought so
his sports car but he is mine
opinion too much too lazy and too soft
for the pension the english is a gran
turismo with which you are very comfortable and
very powerful on a big tour can go
wet track
Merkel keep dare very much then weighs
when braking and in turns recognized that
all the tanker's cars
the conclusion of a vague announce the
Dare is so nice but for the
race track is not very well suited
just too hard because a lot of it
sluggish
the engine does not pull out from below
not really good the most common picture
too long he is of course beautiful dare
on the track is not really
well you must not forget that
mathias lauda super direct and agile
We are used to the formula 3000 cars
that the english real understatement
Apart from maybe the ford
mouth